hi my name is lucia.i am your personal assistant to help you to find best car.i have created by akshay sutar.
you can sail your car or buy a new car with budjet.to buy a car following documents required adhar card,photo id.you will get your car within 10-12 days after your order day.
if you are buying second hand car you should contact directly to the sailor.
if you have issue related to the product means if you recieved faulty car please contact to the authority team.
after you recieve car 10 days is you trail period you can call a authority team and return your car.
India has a diverse range of cars available to own but most cars come in one of seven car body types: Hatchback, Sedan, SUV, MUV, Coupe, Convertible, and Pickup Truck.
Hatchbacks are one of the most popular car body types in terms of overall sales in India. A hatchback can be defined as a vehicle body type that comprises small cars with 4 doors along with an additional rear hatch that opens upward to access the boot space. Hatchbacks are generally designed with compact bodies, and are perfect for comfortably seating 4 passengers, despite a seating capacity of 5. Nonetheless, the most striking feature of this segment is the boot; a space behind the rear seats that exists inside the car itself, rather than as a separate space. Thus when you open up the hinged boot of a hatchback, you are practically opening the car itself. 
Hatchbacks are considered to be the best for city driving, as they are easy to maneuver through the traffic and are also cheaper to maintain. As hatchbacks are also designed to be smaller, they become easy to park. Though there isn’t a specific criterion for size and engine displacement, hatchbacks usually come with a size of under 4 meters and with an engine capacity of 800 to 1.5 liters. The most striking feature of this segment is its impeccable fuel economy and affordable price tag.
hatchback examples:Maruti Suzuki Alto
Hyundai i20
Honda Jazz
Sedan:Derived from the Latin term “sedere” which means “to sit”, sedans are designed to provide utmost comfort and convenience for passengers both at the front as well as the rear. The major component of a sedan is its longer body that’s built with a three-box configuration consisting of pillars identified as A, B, and C pillars. Compared to hatchbacks, sedans have a separate boot compartment, which exists as an addition to the vehicle’s bodyline. Thus, when you open up a sedan’s boot, you’re opening just the boot and not the car itself. With the boot being a separate compartment, a sedan can comfortably seat 5 passengers.
sedan:examples
Hyundai Verna
Honda City
Skoda Octavia
Quite popular in the Indian market, SUV is a car body-type that comprises vehicles that are both passenger vehicles as well as off-roaders. SUVs are generally large and measure well over the 4 meter mark, with compact SUVs being the exception, coming under 4 meters. Built with a tall bodyline, SUVs provide the driver with a commanding view of the road ahead. Moreover, SUVs have high ground clearance providing better terrain handling capability as well as a stance higher from the ground. This is a feature that makes them distinct from all other vehicle body-types.
SUV;examples
Ford Endeavor
Toyota Fortuner
Tata Harrier 
Although the SUVs and MUVs are similarly designed, the two are inherently different. While SUVs are sporty off-roaders, MUVs are built for maximum practicality and utility. An MUV vehicle is thus a multipurpose vehicle that is often dubbed as a people’s carrier. Capable of seating as many as 10 people sometimes, MUVs are a bigger version of passenger cars that are mainly designed to transport passengers comfortably in cities and highways.
MUV:examples
Maruti Suzuki Ertiga
Renault Triber
Mahindra Marrazzo
Kia Carnival
A body type that isn’t conventional like other bodylines, Coupes are known for their sporty avatar and aerodynamic stance. Unlike Sedans, SUVs, Hatchbacks and even MUVs, the most striking features of a Coupe, is the fact that it has two doors only. Coupes are characterized by their two-doors, three-box design, fixed roof, and sleeker roofline. And even though Coupes are generally two-door, modern day OEMs are also manufacturing four door Coupes, which are generally given characteristics like a sloping roofline, and a sportier stance.
Coupe:examples
Jaguar F Type
BMW 2 Series Gran Coupe
BMW M2
Mercedes CLS
When it comes to vehicle body-types, there is nothing more desirable than a convertible. Convertible cars are a body-type that is characterized either by a foldable or a completely removable roof. Generally, the roof on-board a convertible is made up of canvas or vinyl material, but it can also be a hard top. This allows you to feel the wind in your hair as you drive and provides nothing short of pure driving pleasure.
convertible:examples
Porsche 718 Boxster
BMW Z4
Mini Cooper convertible
Thus, the striking feature of a convertible is the fact that the roof is not only foldable but also removable in some cases. Convertibles are also fitted with sophisticated mechanics that fold the roof in a step-by-step manner within a few seconds. Convertibles are versatile to give you the freedom to enjoy the pleasant weather and keep yourself protected from the bad weather.
Pickup trucks are a fairly unique vehicle body-type, offering immense utility in a package that is usable. The unique feature of this body type is that there is a large open cargo space behind the passenger section. This cargo space provides high payload capacity that combines well with the off-roading capability as well as passenger carrying ability of a pickup truck.
truck:examples
Mahindra Bolero Camper
Tata Yodha Pickup
Isuzu D-Max
Isuzu D-Max V Cross